Explain Staking Targets Table in Polkadot-JS App (#3412)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-nominator.md

### What to Take Into Consideration When Nominating

> There are many factors to consider when deciding which validator's to nominate. One useful tool for assisting in this process is the Staking [Targets](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/staking/targets) table. This displays potential validators in a table that can be evaluated and sorted using various metrics. Outlined below are the relevant columns to consider, followed by a brief description of each.

Author: ~~Looking at the diff here, it seems I should be manually creating newlines?~~

~~I tried running `npx pretty-quick` which detected changes but didn't apply any additional formatting.  Possibly because my local changes were already committed.~~

*fixed

### What to Take Into Consideration When Nominating

There are many factors to consider when deciding which validator's to nominate. One useful tool for
assisting in this process is the Staking [Targets](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/staking/targets)
table. This displays potential validators in a table that can be evaluated and sorted using various
metrics. Outlined below are the relevant columns to consider, followed by a brief description of
each.

- **payout**: How recently the validator has made it's last reward payout to nominators.
- **nominators**: This column consists of two number values.

  1) Amount of nominators currently bonded in the current era and considered `active`.

  2) Total amount of nominators that nominated that validator or `all` validators.

  - You may want to avoid validators with high subscriptions as you won't receive rewards if the

>     validator exceeds the maximum threshold of 256.

Reviewer: Becoming "oversubscribed" which the UI will indicate

  - Every nominator can select up to 16 validators but their bond is bonded to a single validator
    each era. Therefore, not all nominators are actively bonded to a given validator during every

>     era.

Reviewer: For deeper understanding of how nominator stake is assigned to validator stake, we can refer our audience to the research source https://research.web3.foundation/en/latest/polkadot/NPoS/1.%20Overview.html

  - _example:_ If nominator X has nominated validators A, B, C and D, but is actively only
    nominating validator B. The `active` count (left number) for nominator X is 1, counting B
    exclusively. The total or `all` count (right number) is 4, counting A, B, C and D.

    | validator | payout   | nominators             |
    | --------- | -------- | ---------------------- |
    | _example_ | recently | 1 (`active`) 4 (`all`) |

- **comm.**: Total commission kept by the validator (100% means nominators will not receive a

>   reward).

Reviewer: We can add a small section here explaining why some validators like Binance or Kraken keep 100% commission. In order to payout their stake service clients, and not have any rewards go to external nominators.

Author: I added this to the paragraph below that discussed commission, starting at the end of line 251.

### What to Take Into Consideration When Nominating

There are many factors to consider when deciding which validator's to nominate. One useful tool for
assisting in this process is the Staking [Targets](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/staking/targets)
table. This displays potential validators in a table that can be evaluated and sorted using various
metrics. Outlined below are the relevant columns to consider, followed by a brief description of
each.

- **payout**: How recently the validator has made it's last reward payout to nominators.
- **nominators**: This column consists of two number values.

  1) Amount of nominators currently bonded in the current era and considered `active`.

>   2) Total amount of nominators that nominated that validator or `all` validators.

Reviewer 2: `all` validators seems a bit misleading. A nominator can nominate up to 16 validators. 

```suggestion
  2) Total amount of nominators that nominated that validator.
```

  - You may want to avoid validators with high subscriptions as you won't receive rewards if the

>     validator becomes oversubscribed, exceeding the maximum threshold of 256.

Reviewer 2: This sentence will need rephrasing. You can still receive rewards if you end up in the top 256. You will not receive rewards if you are not in the 256, but you can get slashed if the validator commits a slashable offence.

  - Every nominator can select up to 16 validators but their bond is bonded to a single validator
    each era. Therefore, not all nominators are actively bonded to a given validator during every
    era. For additional information on the selection process checkout the research behind

>     [nominated proof-of-stake](https://research.web3.foundation/en/latest/polkadot/NPoS/1.%20Overview.html#polkadot-npos-1-overview--page-root).

Reviewer 2: The reason a nominator's stake may not be applied to the validators in the active set is because they nominated too few validators (as the nominator is giving very little flexibility to the election algorithm to distribute their stake). A nominator can maximize the probability of having their stake applied to the validators in the active set by nominating 16 validators (the maximum allowed). 

Also, the election algorithm typically matches it with a single validator, but it can match with multiple validators too. Think of scenarios when someone with 3 Million DOT nominating  

- 1 validator - the election algorithm has no choice but to apply that stake in full
- 2 validators - the election algorithm can split the 3 Million DOT between these two validators based on other nominator account preferences. 2 million DOT to one validator with less nominators and 1 million DOT to a validator with more nominators etc.

Ultimately, the algorithm tries to maximize the overall network stake and minimizes the variance of active stake across the validators. If you check the stake on active validators today, it is 1.8 - 2.2 MDOT

Just rephrase the argument, as it is incorrect.

Author: Very interesting, thank you for the detailed explanation!

  - _example:_ If nominator X has nominated validators A, B, C and D, but is actively only
    nominating validator B. The `active` count (left number) for nominator X is 1, counting B
    exclusively. The total or `all` count (right number) is 4, counting A, B, C and D.

    | validator | payout   | nominators             |
    | --------- | -------- | ---------------------- |
    | _example_ | recently | 1 (`active`) 4 (`all`) |

- **comm.**: Total commission kept by the validator (100% means nominators will not receive a
  reward).
- **total stake**: The total amount of DOT tokens staked by all parties.
- **own stake**: The amount of DOT tokens the validator has put up as a stake.
- **return**: How profitable the validator has been.

A validator's commission is the percentage of the validator reward which is taken by the validator
before the rewards are split among the nominators. As a nominator, you may think that the lowest
commission is best. However, this is not always true. Validators must be able to run at break-even
in order to sustainably continue operation. Independent validators that rely on the commission to

> cover their server costs help to keep the network decentralized. Some validators, such as Binance or
> Kraken, keep 100% of the commission to payout their staking service clients and therefore do not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cover their server costs help to keep the network decentralized. Some validators, operated by central exchanges etc., keep 100% of the commission to payout their staking service clients and therefore do not
```
